[Music]
Dwyane Wade grew up in Robbins Illinois
in the shadows of one of the greatest
players of all time
Michael jour it's in those same shadows
that d-wade is getting ready for the
2008-2009 season out there get you in
the league that's why they keep you in
it five to six times a week
Dwayne works with Michael Jordan's
trainer Tim Grover at attack I thought
to myself you know uh you know a year
and a half almost two years of you know
been a pain and not being healthy where
I want to you know I just talk to myself
and I need to go back to and you know
the grass roots of everything you know
go back to the beginning and of course
your car was that it went from you know
Tim Grover is where I came when I came
into the job and got me right the heat's
head trainer Jay Sabol went with Duane
to Chicago to help set up his workouts
with Tim growth the whole process with
Tim at this point was just strengthening
versus rehab the rehab was done Tim had
to get him stronger we at the same time
could help them the same there's
limitations here those limitations there
as to what he can do
what it can't do and we got those
parameters from dr. souls so the whole
program that we've designed is to get
his confidence back and let him know
that hey if you could stand the stress
of what we're doing in here and on the
court when you step on on the on the
basketball court in the game that's
gonna be real easy every time Dwayne
comes back in town we measure his legs
and do all of our assessments and all of
our assessments show that he is making
great progress he's getting very close
to being 100%
he's totally pain-free and he's
it's begun to play basketball again wage
workouts are divided into three sessions
first weight hits the court to put up a
couple hundred shots then the work heads
to the weight just like that the final
part is a session with a massage
therapist that helps stimulate recovery
I'm doing everything I can you know to
be the player that I was before the
injuries you know I want to be the best
I can be with Wade ending the season
early it has enabled him to recover and
get his body right it's allowed us to
make a lot of progress in a short period
of time because people that have played
through the whole season we wouldn't be
as far along as quickly as we are now
and we're right on schedule actually I
think we're ahead of schedule I'm
feeling a burn burning sensation in my
legs or in my arms I haven't felt since
you know my rookie year and you know
it's kind of like starting all over
again even with the focus last few years
I haven't been able to be down here you
know with him you know they're not these
my - you know injured years so I know
I'm coming back to them I trust them you
know I listen to him you know what he
tell me I know that he's only trying to
you know do what's best for me number
three carries an attitude into every
workout I'm angry and it's a good anger
especially you know when you're
competitive juices come out so you know
I got a lot to let out he'll be the most
explosive he's ever been in his career
after we get done with him guaranteed no
question about it the final phase of
Dwayne's strengthening process will be
when he wears the Stars and Stripes at
the 2008 Beijing Games for Dwayne who's
a guy who excels in competition and play
for us it's a great way for him in the
condition and get back into his
championship status because he's now
playing with the best in the world and
that's just gonna continue to elevate
his play and his strength and he'll feel
all the more confident coming back into
training camp and working with our guys
Wade knows he carries a great
responsibility I just want to be ready
for it and you know and lead you know my
team you know the organization that I'm
a part of and - back to what we need to
be in my second tour I know the NBA so
about five years you know to be in the
shadow of but now you know I am the face
of the organization
trying to get ready for 4d way yeah
in that 20 years let's go